gotomeeting
Jemma / Dinis / Francois / Seba

agenda

notes

actions
need a blogpost by 23 pm for Tiffany? paragraph for the newsletter + blog on the owaspsummit site (action - Dinis)
interview like story how the summit was organized as an event to capture that spirit? Robert to do start this.
schedule a session with Tom Pappas (Seba) to consolidate/update the actuals vs budget and assure correct VAT applications. (Seba)
Lessons learned placeholder
list what we want from the venue

prebook venue + villas close to the venue

ask the board to book the venue / villa (Seba to prep this)
1) 50K (2017) + 2) 50K (2018) as seed fund for the 2018 summit

start regonline for 2018
premium for dedicated (hotel) room
capture dietary restrictions
prices for this year will be the early-bird prices for next year

start website for 2018

devseccon 2018 19-20 October
owasp working sessions track room (40 ppl) - topics?
London chapter will organize working sessions in September (GDPR, Github, CDC, playbooks)
will charge, 0, 50, 250, 500 GBP (pay as much as you can) - to support 
placeholder / support from the summit (including remote participation) - reusing the framework
try https://www.boomset.com/smart-sessions ?

branding = summit = "uber one"




